x/superfluid: ensure events are emitted and tests added (#2255)
osmosis-labs/osmosis: x/superfluid/README.md

> ## Events

Reviewer: I love the motivation for this, but I can see this going out of date and being difficult to maintain.

Reviewer 2: I think we might still want to have it since these docs get auto-uploaded to the docs website. Currently, there is no info about events but it could be useful for integrators. WDYT?

There are 7 types of events that exist in Superfluid module:

* `types.TypeEvtSetSuperfluidAsset` - "set_superfluid_asset"
* `types.TypeEvtRemoveSuperfluidAsset` - "remove_superfluid_asset"
* `types.TypeEvtSuperfluidDelegate` - "superfluid_delegate"
* `types.TypeEvtSuperfluidIncreaseDelegation` - "superfluid_increase_delegation"
* `types.TypeEvtSuperfluidUndelegate` - "superfluid_undelegate"
* `types.TypeEvtSuperfluidUnbondLock` - "superfluid_unbond_lock"
* `types.TypeEvtUnpoolId` - "unpool_pool_id"

### `types.TypeEvtSetSuperfluidAsset`

This event is emitted in the proposal which set new superfluid asset

It consists of the following attributes:

* `types.AttributeDenom`
  * The value is the asset denom.
* `types.AttributeSuperfluidAssetType`
  * The value is the type of asset.

### `types.TypeEvtRemoveSuperfluidAsset`

This event is emitted in the proposal which remove superfluid asset

It consists of the following attributes:

* `types.AttributeDenom`
  * The value is the asset denom.

### `types.TypeEvtSuperfluidDelegate`

> This event is emitted in the message server after succesfully create a delegation for the given lock ID and the validator to delegate to.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This event is emitted in the message server after successfully creating a delegation for the given lock ID and the validator to delegate to.
```

It consists of the following attributes:

* `types.AttributeLockId`
  * The value is the given lock ID.
* `types.AttributeValidator`
  * The value is the validator address to delegate to.

### `types.TypeEvtSuperfluidIncreaseDelegation`

This event is emitted in the hook after adding more token to the existing lock

It consists of the following attributes:

* `types.AttributeLockId`
  * The value is the given lock ID.
* `types.AttributeAmount`
  * The value is the token amount added to the lock.

### `types.TypeEvtSuperfluidUndelegate`

> This event is emitted in the message server after undelegating currently superfluid delegated position given by lock ID.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This event is emitted in the message server after undelegating the currently superfluid delegated position given by lock ID.
```
